{% raw %} <li><a href="ValueSet-be-allergyintolerancecode.xml.html">ValueSet allergy intolerance code</a> Codes as communicated by NIHDI and the FOD Terminology Center differentiating types of allergy intolerance codes. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-be-causativeagent.xml.html">ValueSet causative agent</a> Codes as communicated by NIHDI and the FPS Terminology Center differentiating types of causative agent. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-be-civilstate.xml.html">ValueSet civil state</a> Codes supported by eHealth Platform differentiating types of civil state. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort. 
Whenever possible add a code from http://terminology.hl7.org/CodeSystem/v3-MaritalStatus for international interoperability but also use https://www.ehealth.fgov.be/standards/fhir/CodeSystem/CD-CIVILSTATE 
for the Belgian specific code.</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-be-contactperson.xml.html">ValueSet contact person</a> Maximum valuest to define category of a contact person, using the HL7 values and the Belgian CD-CONTACT-PERSON values.</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-be-exposureroute.xml.html">ValueSet exposureroute</a> Codes to illustrate differentiating types of exposure route. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-be-noallergy.xml.html">ValueSet no allergies</a> Codes as communicated by the FOD Terminology Center differentiating types of no allergies. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-be-beproductorservice.xml.html">ValueSet productor service</a> NIHDI codes for use to describe eAgreement products or services in the MyCareNet eAgreement flows.</li>
 <li><a href="ValueSet-be-riskmanifestation.xml.html">ValueSet risk manifestation</a> Codes as communicated by NIHDI and the FPS Terminology Center differentiating types of risk manifestation. This valueset supports the Belgian federal FHIR profiling effort.</li>
{% endraw %}